Honey, don't be angry.
Isn't it just a hundred million?
Even if the flowers are gone.
The wind can be recovered.
Yes, father, what is a hundred million to buy a lesson for big brother?
When I come back to the company in a month, I will plant it for you.
Or is Vu Feng filial?
Dad.
Hey.
Phoenix.
You'll go take pictures of parishioners to play
You can tell me directly if you don't have money.
Why withdraw the company's money?
Do you know what a disaster this would bring to the company?
Dad, I'm not going out.
I'm going to make money.
Want to want to want.
Go to the auction house to make money.
You think we're idiots.
Son of a bitch.
Do you believe it or not, I ll beat you up and you re crazy?
Her brother has worked hard to bring this company to its current scale.
As soon as you take over, you'll withdraw all the company's money and go to the airwaves.
You still scold him.
Are you human?
If he doubts my ability to make money, I can't scold him.
Vu Feng has no doubt about you.
Everything he said was the truth.
The truth
I made 300 million.
Haha, 3 billion.
If you actually make 300 million dollars,
I just want you to give me formula right now.
Okay.